Note in deploy code doc on upcoming feature (#1661)
astronomer/docs: astro/deploy-code.md

3. Scroll to the bottom of the page and view the **Image tag** information in the footer:

    ![Docker image information](/img/docs/image-tag-airflow-ui-astro.png)
    
:::info

> A new feature in Astro that will add improved visibility into the health of your Deployment and the status of your deploy is coming soon. If you're interested in early access to this feature, contact your Astronomer representative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved visibility into the health of your Deployment and the status of deploys is coming soon. If you're interested in early access to this feature, contact your Astronomer representative.
```
